 Annual Report 2024
CORE RESOURCES  
for every child, everywhere
T
H
E
 
P
O
W
E
R
 
B
E
H
I
N
D
 
T
H
E
 
P
R
O
M
I
S
E
    T
H
E
 P
O
W
ER BEHIND THE P
R
O
M
I
S
E
 
 
 
 
T
H
E
 
P
O
W
E
R
 
B
E
H
I
N
D
 
T
H
E
 
P
R
O
M
I
S
E
  T
H
E
 P
O
W
ER BEHIND THE P
R
O
M
I
S
E From the Executive Director
Children are facing unprecedented challenges. How we respond will define a generation. 
In 2024, amid escalating global pressures, we witnessed something powerful: the impact of united action 
for children. With public sector partners and growing private sector engagement, UNICEF reached children 
in more than 150 countries, safeguarding essential services, strengthening national systems and delivering 
results that last. 
At the heart of this effort are Core Resources: UNICEF’s most flexible and reliable funding. These unrestricted 
contributions are the foundation of everything we do, allowing us to quickly direct resources where they are 
most needed to save and improve the lives of children. 
This report is a demonstration of what core resources can achieve. It illustrates how the support of 
governments, businesses, philanthropists, foundations and individuals is enabling UNICEF to advance the 
rights of children now and over the long-term. 
Core Resources have helped strengthen birth registration so children can access essential services, expand 
social protection so that children have healthy meals and go to school, and sustain health services for women 
and children caught in conflict zones. These are investments in life-saving systems that require unrestricted, 
dependable resources. 
Yet, 2024 was also a year of economic shock as the needs of children vastly outpaced funding. The world 
witnessed one of the sharpest and most sudden contractions in international aid in recent history, quickly 
impacting the most vulnerable children and families. 
Critical services were scaled back. Malnutrition treatment, immunization campaigns, education and protection 
programmes were all affected. Children were left behind – not because we didn’t know how to help, but because 
we lacked the resources to reach them. 
Children do not cause these crises. But they are paying the highest price. 
In a world shaped by climate shocks, conflict and economic instability, every delayed response bears a human 
cost. These costs cross borders – weakening health systems, economies and the foundations of progress. 
UNICEF’s Core Resources are not about short-term fixes – they underpin lasting change. Our message to our 
valued partners is to continue investing in children through Core Resources so that we can build on the gains 
we have achieved together. 
UNICEF appreciates all of the support we receive. We are deeply thankful to the governments of Belgium, 
Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States, and 
the Republic of Korea for their unwavering commitment to core funding. 
We are especially grateful to the Netherlands, Spain and the Republic of Korea for increasing their contributions 
in 2024, and to the Netherlands and Sweden for leading the way with multi-year commitments. We also  
warmly welcome Ireland’s first multi-year contribution in 2024 – a milestone that allows UNICEF to deliver for 
children everywhere.  
To our 32 National Committees for UNICEF, thank you for your extraordinary efforts in mobilizing 
private sector support. We particularly recognize the National Committees in Japan, Korea 
and Germany – our three largest contributors to core resources – and commend the 
Committee in the Netherlands for leading the way in increased contributions in 2024. 
Let us not waver in this critical moment. Through sustained support from our 
donors, we can continue to drive meaningful, positive change for millions of 
children across the globe using proven solutions. Together we can create a 
world fit for every child.
Catherine Russell 
UNICEF Executive Director CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  1
Core Resources: Uniting the private 
and public sectors for children
PARTNER	USD (MILLIONS)
Japan Committee for UNICEF	145.0
United States	137.0
Korean Committee for UNICEF	84.6
German Committee for UNICEF	69.4
Spanish Committee for UNICEF	65.8
Germany	65.6
French Committee for UNICEF	57.9
Sweden	56.5
Dutch Committee for UNICEF	48.4
Netherlands (Kingdom of the)	47.1
Norway	45.5
Italian Committee for UNICEF ‒ 
Foundation Onlus
38.4
Swedish Committee for UNICEF	33.7
United Kingdom Committee for UNICEF	33.1
Switzerland	25.0
PARTNER	USD (MILLIONS)
United Kingdom	20.4
Belgian Committee for UNICEF	16.1
Belgium	16.1
Denmark	15.4
Polish National Committee for UNICEF 14.8
United States Fund for UNICEF	14.8
Republic of Korea (the)	14.6
Canadian UNICEF Committee	12.6
Australia	12.3
Finnish Committee for UNICEF	12.1
Portuguese Committee for UNICEF	11.8
Canada	11.5
Committee for UNICEF Switzerland  
and Liechtenstein
11.3
Japan	11.3
Norwegian Committee for UNICEF	10.7
Top 30 Core Resources partners by contributions received, 2024
UNICEF thanks each of our donors and partners – governments, corporations, foundations, philanthropists, and 
millions of individuals around the world – for their core resources contributions in 2024. Every dollar, euro, won, 
krone, pound and yen you contributed to UNICEF amplified our collective impact for children around the world.
UNICEF particularly thanks partners who contributed multi-year revenue – supporting even greater predictability 
in the planning and implementation of programmes for children.
Contributors to multi-year* Core Resources revenue** recognized, 2020–2024
Note: Numbers may not add up because of rounding.
*Based on the value of the agreement signed at the start of the multi-year contribution.
**Agreements with a lifetime of two years or more defined as multi-year agreements.      
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Sweden $230.0 million
Netherlands $124.4 million
Switzerland $90.8 million
Australia $80.0 million
Belguim $66.6 million
Denmark $38.5 million
United Kingdom $14.3 million
New Zealand $11.4 million
Qatar $8.0 million
Iceland $5.0 million
Luxembourg $23.5 million
Canada $33.5 million CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  2
UNICEF’s promise to protect the rights of every child, 
everywhere, is bold in ambition and global in scope. 
Delivering on that promise requires more than 
conviction. It depends on the right kind of support: 
funding that is flexible, sustained and grounded in 
trust. At UNICEF, this funding is Core Resources. 
Official development assistance (ODA) has long 
been central to this mission. For decades, it has 
enabled scale, protected lives and helped build 
stronger, more resilient futures. This responsibility 
must be shared more broadly, and we are grateful to 
governments with UNICEF programmes for stepping 
up with financial contributions to Core Resources 
and other in-kind support. Today, growing private 
sector engagement – including from businesses, 
philanthropists, foundations and individuals – is 
amplifying that impact, creating a powerful coalition 
for children across public and private partners. 
This support is changing lives. Since 2000, 7.9 million 
more children have survived to see their fifth 
birthdays. Vaccination efforts have saved an 
estimated 154 million lives. Stunting has been 
reduced by 56 million cases, and over 2 billion 
people have gained access to clean water. These 
are not inevitable outcomes. Consistent, flexible 
investment that spans regions, sectors and 
generations has been vital part of this success. 
But progress is fragile. In too many places,  
it is already being reversed. 
Core Resources are not just a funding source – they 
are the foundation of UNICEF’s operating model. 
With a presence in 190 countries and territories, and 
trusted partnerships across government and civil 
society, UNICEF bridges delivery and policy, crisis 
response and long-term reform, national systems 
and local solutions. That model is only possible 
because of unrestricted funding. 
In the Republic of Moldova, a small Core Resources 
investment catalysed nationwide social protection 
reform, increasing child benefits and expanding 
services to nearly 50,000 vulnerable children.  
In Viet Nam, Core Resources enabled inclusive 
education at scale, introducing Universal Design 
for Learning and digital tools for children with 
disabilities. In Sierra Leone, unrestricted funds 
supported the country's first legal accreditation for 
social workers, reaching over 20,000 cases through  
a digital management system. In West Africa,  
UNICEF helped Côte d’Ivoire and Cabo Verde achieve 
near-universal birth registration, unlocking access  
to essential services. 
These are not one-off results – they are systems-level 
shifts that help children not only survive but thrive. 
Core Resources create the foundation. Thematic 
funding builds on it. Together, they create a 
transformational portfolio of investment, which is 
one of UNICEF’s most strategic tools for achieving 
results at scale. Core Resources support our 
presence and institutional strength. Thematic Funds 
accelerate impact across nutrition, education,  
WASH, health and protection – driving innovation, 
scale and sustainability in national systems. 
In a world shaped by climate change, conflict and 
economic instability, integrated funding is not optional 
– it is essential. ODA remains vital today as it was a 
generation ago. And with the private sector stepping 
up in meaningful ways, we have never had more 
potential or shared responsibility to act boldly together. 
Core Resources are not just about funding. They are  
how UNICEF keeps its promise – turning intent into 
impact and ensuring that progress for children 
continues to move forward, even in the toughest  
of times.
The Power Behind the Promise 
Why unrestricted funding is the foundation of progress for children CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  3
Core Resources: Income and trends
Contributions of Core Resources from donors and 
partners amounted to a $1.584 billion income in 
2024 – helping us sustain the vital foundation for all 
of UNICEF’s efforts on behalf of children. 
In 2024, Core Resources income from voluntary 
contributions decreased by 3 per cent or $34 million. 
$26 million of the decrease came from the public 
sector, and $8 million – from interest, procurement 
services and other sources – increased by $47 million.
For the fourth consecutive year, the share of 
UNICEF’s total income made up of Core Resources 
was below 20 per cent – indicating a persistent trend 
in earmarked contributions for sectors, locations, 
or humanitarian emergencies, and risk of widening 
inequities for the most disadvantaged and  
hard-to-reach children. 
To ensure progress for every child, UNICEF is making 
a Call to Action for Member States to fulfil their 
Funding Compact commitment, and for all donors  
to increase Core Resources and thematic funding  
as a proportion of their overall UNICEF portfolio. 
Investing flexibly promotes resilience in uncertain 
times, as well as long-term positive change for children.
Core resources income by type of partner,
2024
$512.6 million
Public sector, 32%
$724.9 million
Private sector, 46%
$346.1 million
Other, 22%
Total
$1.584
billion
Private sector Public sector Tot al
0
200
400
600
800
1000
120 0
14 0 0
20242023202220212020
Core Resources income from voluntary 
contributions by type of resource partner, 
2020–2024
Income ratio by type of funding, 
2020–2024
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
20242023202220212020
37%
41%
30%
49%
46%
45%
20%
17%
14%
33%
49%
18%
31%
50%
19%
$7.219 
billion
$8.122 
billion
$9.326 
billion
$8.920 
billion
$8.263 
billion
Other Resources 
Emergency (ORE)
Other Resources 
Regular (ORR)
Core Resources (RR)  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  4
Highlights of investing in Core Resources 
Investing in Core Resources is a clear way to help UNICEF work for every child and the SDGs. These highlights 
show how our five comparative advantages, all enabled by Core Resources, helped us achieve results for children 
around the world.
Leading, convening and pioneering
Horn of Africa: Core Resources scaled up an innovative solution using satellite data 
to detect groundwater, mapping nearly a million square kilometres of territory in 
drought-prone countries, with the potential to benefit 10 million people in need. 
Guatemala: Core Resources positioned UNICEF as a key partner in the transformation 
of the social protection system, offering the government strategic policy advice and 
partnerships, which resulted in a $1 billion investment in social protection 
programmes and mitigation of a three-to-four-fold increase in poverty during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Global: Core Resources fast tracked the integration of cross-sectoral mental 
health services and care into national systems in 13 countries, modelling new 
solutions, and reaching more than 8.8 million children, adolescents, caregivers and 
service providers.
Before, during and after an emergency
Yemen: Core Resources safeguarded continued access and expansion of 
essential health services, contributing to a 23 per cent drop in under-five 
mortality over the course of the last decade of conflict.
Democratic Republic of the Congo: Core Resources supported more than 
1,700 health-care facilities to stay operational, securing lifesaving supplies 
and treatment for more than 129,000 children facing severe wasting.
Madagascar and Mozambique: Core Resources provided the seed funding 
for UNICEF's Today and Tomorrow Initiative, an integrated climate and 
disaster finance solution, supporting more that more than 120,000 people 
in Madagascar and Mozambique with life-saving services in the aftermath  
of cyclones.
Rwanda: Core Resources reinforced the government’s response to the Marburg 
disease outbreak, contributing to more lives being saved and a low fatality 
rate of 22.7 per cent.
This map is stylized and not to scale. It does not reflect a position by UNICEF on the legal status of any country or area or the delimitation of any frontiers.  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  5
Scan the QR code or click on the 
image to read UNICEF’s Data 
Companion and Scorecard for 
more information on progress 
against SDG milestones and targets 
to which Core Resources contributes.
Scan the QR 
code or click on 
the image to 
read the Impact 
Companion.
Meeting the holistic needs of children and adolescents
Côte d'Ivoire and Cabo Verde: Core Resources provided instrumental support to  
the governments to bring universal child registration within reach, with more than  
9 in 10 children registered before their first birthdays.
Viet Nam: Core Resources supported a more inclusive system for access to learning 
opportunities for children with disabilities, embedded disability inclusion into national teacher 
training, and enabled scaling up the Inclusive Education Resource Centres across  
14 provinces to prepare children with disabilities to enter mainstream classrooms.
Taking the work to scale
India: Core Resources continued to play a vital role in the delivery and scaling up of the 
government’s flagship water and sanitation programmes, providing safely managed water 
supplies for 59.3 million people and sanitation services for 17.9 million people in 2024. 
Republic of Moldova: Core Resources paved the way for $68 million of government and 
other investment in the RESTART social protection reform, mitigating a 3.4 per cent rise in 
child poverty and increasing the value of social benefits for families with children, including 
Ukrainian refugees, by 42 per cent. 
Bangladesh: Core Resources helped UNICEF mobilize and sustain government action to 
transform children’s nutrition outcomes, contributing to a 40 per cent reduction in stunting 
among children under five and a nearly tenfold increase in domestic investments in 
nutrition services over a decade.
Expert staff
Jordan: Core Resources funded the first-ever One Stop Centre which offers 
a proven model for replication across Jordan including Syrian refugee 
camps, successfully supporting an initial 500 children and women survivors 
and witnesses of violence, abuse or exploitation with multi-sectoral services.
Sierra Leone: Core Resources strengthened the child protection and case 
management system, accrediting social workers for the first time  
and facilitating protection services for more than 675,000 children in 
five years, including those who have faced violence, exploitation,  
abuse or neglect.  CORE RESOURCES – FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  6
UNICEF 
GOALS
UNICEF’S BUDGET
How we Spend Core Resources to 
Achieve Results for Children 
UNICEF strategically spreads spending of Core Resources across the three pillars of the organization’s 
integrated budget.
Core Resources accelerate progress across 
12 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals 
for children.
They support UNICEF’s custodian and  
co-custodian role in 19 child indicators and 
programmes for every child which can be 
sustained through strong national systems 
in the long term.
*Expense – actual expenses made in the year.
**Expenditure – includes the expenses made and commitments of funds.
• UNICEF country programmes advancing children’s rights 
and the SDGs for children around the world
• Global and regional programmes ensuring data, technical 
and thought leadership, and advocacy 
• Strategic and innovative activities solving the greatest 
challenges facing children 
• Emergency Programme Fund (EPF) protecting children and 
saving lives in sudden-onset emergencies 
$952 million
Expense*
• Development effectiveness through technical excellence 
and results-based management for high-quality programmes
• Advancing United Nations coordination on strategic 
development priorities, including the SDGs
• Managing human and financial resources to deliver results 
for children
• Capital costs aligned with programme goals and strategies
(of which 
Development 
Effectiveness 
was $174 million)
$227 million
Expenditure**
• Private sector fundraising, generating new funding  
for children
• Partnerships with the private sector, driving collective 
impact for children and the SDGs
• Innovative finance for children, leveraging new resources  
for the cause of children
$162 million
Expense*
Direct 
Programmes 
Budget
Institutional 
Budget
Special 
Purpose 
Budget  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  7 
How are Core Resources allocated to country programmes? 
The yearly allocation of Core Resources to UNICEF offices in low- and middle-income countries is driven by 
equity and is based on three indicators which are used to determine the severity of children’s deprivations, 
demand for social services, and the capacity of the countries to deliver these services to children:
Offices continue to receive yearly allocations until the country achieves ‘high income’ status for two consecutive 
years. Offices may also receive additional allocations for critical and unfunded priorities of the Strategic Plan 
2022‒2025, with a particular focus on: adolescent girls, community health and nutrition, education, or climate action.
149  
countries and territories
7  
regions
  
home to 2.1 billion children
What did Direct Programmes support?
86%
$817.2 million 
Country programmes
5%
$42.9 million 
Strategic and 
innovative activities
6%
$53.9 million 
Global and regional 
programmes
1%
$6.4 million 
Other
3%
$31.6 million 
Emergency 
Programme Fund
Country programmes
86% 
$817.2 million
* Percentages may not add up because of rounding.
The country programmes are the heart of UNICEF’s work for children. Developed with government and other 
country partners, they are planned and delivered with Core Resources as the foundation for long-term impact, 
and leverage other funding to deliver on the highest priorities for children and the SDGs.
Core Resources allocated to country programmes give UNICEF’s donors and partners the largest 
global footprint of any investment:A variable amount resulting 
from the indicators  A fixed minimum amount 
of $850,000 each year 
This allocation has two parts:
Core Resources are first and foremost spent on UNICEF’s Direct Programmes for children in countries and 
regions, and at global level. They enable UNICEF to not only achieve positive impact, but also make sure that no 
child is left out of it.
Under-five 
mortality rate
Child 
population
Gross national 
income per capita
Direct Programmes  Expense overview by category*  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  8
Global and regional programmes
6 %  
$53.9 million
Core Resources contribute to global and regional programmes that enable UNICEF to promote children’s rights 
as a recognized thought leader, and technical and data expert across all areas that affect children’s lives.Using the power of data to drive transformative change for children 
If we are to protect the rights enshrined in the Convention the Rights of the Child 
and meet the SDGs, it is imperative that we know what is happening: How 
many children are hungry? Who needs to be reached with lifesaving 
vaccinations? Where are children still subject to forced marriage? 
Good data are the bedrock of effective response.
Thanks to Core Resources, UNICEF is the worlds leading source  
for data on children, used by over 6 million people annually.  
For this reason we are also the custodian or co-custodian for  
19 child-related SDG indicators.
What is UNICEFs role as the custodian and co-custodian of  
SDG indicators? 
  Design data collection methods
  Establish measurement standards 
  Build national-level statistical capacity to generate, analyse and use data
  Compile and support high-quality national data
  Maintain global databases and estimates
  Support countries with geospatial data and analysis
But today, national-level data are only available for about half of the indicators, and there is simply not enough 
quality information to know whether the goals are being met, or where the greatest focus needs to be placed.  
This challenge applies across low- to high-income countries.
UNICEF tackles this challenge with the UNICEF Data Team, a team of dedicated data scientists, statisticians, 
monitoring specialists, and data protection and privacy specialists, funded through core and other resources.  
The Data Team ensures that we have an increasingly accurate global picture on the child-related SDGs, updating 
them with the latest data collected directly from children and families, health facilities, schools, and myriad other 
data points around the world. Key to this role is the work done by UNICEF’s global household survey programme, 
the Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS), a major data source for 40 SDG indicators and the largest source 
of data on children worldwide. Throughout, we engage children and young people in the process, increasingly 
building their capacity to contribute to the global conversation on data and data governance.
Those who support Core Resources truly ensure that every child is counted, and that we can identify and better 
target the children being left behind. 
Scan the 
QR code or 
click on the 
image to 
learn more.
The data collected, validated 
and analysed by UNICEF’s Data 
Team are accessible as a global 
public good – supporting 
better informed decisions on 
children worldwide.   CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  9
Strategic and innovative activities
5%
$42.9 million
Selection of ongoing multi-year initiatives supported with Core Resources 
through the Strategic and Innovative Activities Fund for Children
Bold new solutions that can be 
scaled up to meet demand​ can be 
game changers for progress, which 
is why UNICEF’s Executive Board has 
mandated UNICEF’s Executive Director 
to allocate part of Core Resources to 
strategic and innovative activities. 
The Strategic and Innovative Activities 
Fund supports initiatives that can 
create even greater opportunities for 
children across all sectors.
Total
$42.9
million
$25.2 million
Systems strengthening to 
leave no one behind
$5.3 million
Community engagement, 
social and behaviour change
$4.0 million
Operational support to 
programme delivery
$3.1 million
Data, research, evaluation, 
and knowledge management
$1.9 million
Advocacy and communications
$1.4 million
Innovation
$1.4 million
Partnerships and engagement: 
public and private
$0.3 million
Digital transformation
$0.3 million
Risk-informed humanitarian and 
development nexus programming
$1.8 million funds implementation of the Joint UNICEF and the Africa Centre 
for Disease Control Action Plan, supporting stronger primary health-care 
systems and public health emergency preparedness and response in Africa.
$5.8 million funds the prevention of HIV among adolescent girls and young 
women in 11 African countries: South Africa, Uganda, the United Republic of 
Tanzania, Zambia, Namibia, Lesotho, Eswatini, Zimbabwe, the Democratic Republic 
of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
$10 million funds UNICEF and WHO mental health and psychosocial well-being 
plans in over 10 countries and a set of foundational investments in UNICEF’s technical 
expertise and capacity to lead mental health and psychosocial support programmes 
for children.
$5.0 million funds the foundational Programme to End Childhood Lead Poisoning 
– a new and emerging area of programming for children – with the goal to expand 
programming from the current 4 countries to an additional 20 countries.
$10 million funds the expansion, professionalization and sustainable financing 
of 16,000 social service workers for child protection in 12 countries – including in 
humanitarian contexts – to prevent and respond to child protection violations.
$10 million funds UNICEF’s work with national governments to advance adolescent 
girls’ education in 14 countries, to increase the proportion of girls enrolling, attending 
and completing secondary school with improved learning and life outcomes. Financial adjustments to country programmes in response to currency fluctuations or other economic factors. 
Other
1%
$6.4 million
41%
Middle East and 
North Af rica
21%
Eastern and 
Southern Africa
15%
West and 
Central Africa
11%
Latin America and 
the Caribbean
8%
East Asia and 
the Paciﬁc
4%
South 
Asia
1%
Global**EPF supported critical humanitarian needs for children in the 
Democratic Republic of the Congo
For almost 30 years, children in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo have been 
born into one of the world’s most complex and difficult humanitarian situations. Families 
torn apart by violence. Children losing safety, stability and hope. Decades of recurrent 
violence, displacement, climate-related disasters and disease outbreaks have led to a 
significant breakdown in the social systems that keep children safe. 
Today 14.9 million children are battling preventable diseases like mpox, cholera and measles. And the 
children in conflict areas are facing widespread rape, abuse, killing, maiming, abductions and other forms of harm. 
But despite this overwhelming need, humanitarian agencies – UNICEF included – have faced an increasingly severe 
funding crisis. As James Elder, UNICEF spokesperson, said after visiting the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 
April 2025: 7he cRVt RI iQactiRQ iVQt aEVtUact ,tV PeaVXUeG iQ SUeYeQtaEOe VX`eUiQJ aQG ORVt IXtXUeV
UNICEF exists for every child. And it is in these difficult times that we call on Core Resources and the Emergency 
Programme Fund (EPF). ,t iV a OiIeOiQe theUe ZheQ Ze QeeG it PRVt ZheQ chiOGUeQV QeeGV aUe JUeateVt said Mariame 
Sylla, UNICEF Deputy Representative in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in 2024. Without the EPF we would 
not have been able to:
• Provide safe drinking water and lifesaving supplies to nearly 1,770,000 people in almost 300,000 households 
affected by or at risk of cholera. These included oral rehydration solution, soap, water treatment products, 
jerrycans and more. These items save lives today and strengthen resilience to tomorrow’s outbreaks
• Help children facing malnutrition. EPF funds paid for nutritional supplies and support to help ensure that more 
than 1,700 health facilities stayed active, securing essential treatment for more than 129,000 children facing 
severe wasting
• Provide safety to children. The funds enabled UNICEF to keep providing child protection services with partners, 
despite increased insecurity. UNICEF assisted over 500 children formerly associated with armed groups  
(20 per cent of whom were girls), and close to 1,900 children separated from their families were either helped 
with referrals to other key services or were reunited with their families
With your continued support for Core Resources, UNICEF will carry on helping children in underfunded 
emergencies and ensure their suffering is not forgotten. CORE RESOURCES – FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  
10
In a sudden-onset emergency, Core Resources have an exceptional importance – they fund UNICEF’s immediate 
response within the first 48 hours. Through a revolving loan called the Emergency Programme Fund (EPF), 
UNICEF’s country offices access financing prior to receiving other donor support.
In 2024, the EPF provided $97.4 million in Core Resources to 26 UNICEF global, regional, and country offices.
Over 40 per cent of these funds went to the Middle East and North Africa region to respond to the escalation  
of conflict in Lebanon and Syria, as well as to meet urgent needs in the Sudan and Yemen. More than 20 per cent 
of EPF funds were disbursed to Eastern and Southern Africa to respond to the Sudanese refugee crisis,  
El Niño-related impacts, and disease outbreaks in Rwanda, Zimbabwe and the Comoros. The EPF also supported 
vulnerable children and families suffering from the effects of armed conflict in the Sahel, the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo, Haiti and Myanmar, and natural disasters in Bangladesh, Viet Nam and Cuba.
Emergency Programme Fund
3%
$31.6 million
EPF 2024 allocations 
by regions*
*Percentages may not add up because of rounding.
**This comprises automatic allocations to HQ to support human resource needs upon the activation of Level 2 and Level 3 emergencies. CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  11
How We Spend Core Resources on 
Priorities for Children Around the World
Core Resources are spent on holistic programmes which affect all areas of children’s lives, and link to children’s 
rights. Spending spans all five Goal Areas in UNICEF’s 2022–2025 Strategic Plan covering children’s health, nutrition, 
education, protection, and water and sanitation needs, and all seven regions where UNICEF works.
This map is stylized and not to scale. It does not reflect a position by UNICEF on the legal status of any country or area or the delimitation of any frontiers.
East Asia and  
the Pacific 
$58.7 million 
24% humanitarian
Europe and  
Central Asia 
$34.4 million 
25% humanitarian
West and  
Central Africa 
$321.4 million 
32% humanitarian
East and  
Southern Africa 
$236.2 million 
27% humanitarian
Latin America and 
the Caribbean 
$55.4 million 
25% humanitarian
Middle East and 
North Africa 
$63.9 million 
35% humanitarian
South Asia 
$153.9 million 
26% humanitarian
Global 
$28.0 million 
11% humanitarian
Expense overview by goal area
Survive and thrive 
$327.9 million 
34%
Learning and skills 
$170.5 million 
18%
Protection from violence 
and exploitation 
$168.5 million 
18%
WASH, climate and 
the environment 
$173.8 million 
18%
Freedom from poverty 
$111.3 million 
12%
In 2024, over two thirds of Core Resources in regions were spent on development and less than a third on 
humanitarian programme. Most Core Resources were spent in sub-Saharan Africa and the least developed 
countries, where children’s deprivations and needs are the greatest.
59%
spent in  
Sub-Saharan 
Africa
28%
spent on
humanitarian 
action CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  12
In India, a decade-long effort to bring safe sanitation and hygiene to every home has done more than improve 
toilets – it has helped to save children’s lives.
Between 2014 and 2022, India saw a 37 per cent reduction in child mortality. While progress on child health is 
never the result of a single intervention, improved access to clean water and sanitation played a pivotal role by 
dramatically reducing incidence of diarrhoeal disease, malnutrition and infection – some of the leading causes 
of death in young children. Few programmes have had such a far-reaching and systemic impact as India’s 
water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) revolution. At the heart of that transformation has been an ambitious 
government-led movement, backed by UNICEF and enabled by sustained investments of unrestricted funding.
In 2014, the Government of India launched the Swachh Bharat 
(Clean India) Mission, one of the largest sanitation programmes 
in the world. Its goal was bold: provide universal access to 
sanitation and eliminate open defecation by constructing over 
110 million toilets for 550 million people across the country. 
This ambitious target was achieved by 2019.
Vani (5) practises good 
handwashing technique. 
Yuvoday volunteers 
also conduct sessions 
for better hygiene with 
children in Mohlai village, 
Durg, Chattisgarh.
A Decade of Progress: How 
India’s WASH transformation 
is saving lives
In the last 10 years, 550 million people  
have been reached with at least basic 
sanitation, and 580 million people with 
improved drinking water in their homes. 
SDG target 6 CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  13
By 2024, Swachh Bharat had reached  
nearly every corner of the country.  
But more importantly, it had catalysed 
a shift in mindset – from building toilets 
to strengthening systems for sustainable 
sanitation services, including solid and liquid 
waste management and climate-responsive 
initiatives. From the start, UNICEF has been a 
trusted partner in the mission’s design, delivery 
and scaling up, helping ensure that infrastructure 
was matched with systems-strengthening, community 
engagement and behaviour change. UNICEF supported 
this shift by embedding technical advisors in every state, 
and building the capacity of local governments to improve and 
monitor services over time. As Ms Vini Mahajan, Secretary  
of the Ministry of Water Resources, said: “UNICEF has been  
a very valuable partner to us. I have personally seen how  
much engagement has been shown by your team in water  
and sanitation.” 
Building on the gains of the sanitation movement, India launched 
the Jal Jeevan (Water is Life) Mission to achieve universal access 
to safe and adequate drinking water – a natural and essential 
next step in improving child health, development and protection. 
UNICEF’s support expanded accordingly, providing technical 
expertise, developing equity-focused tools for state and district 
governments, and helping improve service delivery for the most 
marginalized children and communities. Over the last five years, 
more than 115 million rural households have gained piped water 
connections in their homes for the first time.
For UNICEF, as the government’s partner of choice on WASH, 
this has been a unique opportunity to expand and accelerate 
services for women and children. Unrestricted Core Resources 
have been critical to this success. While other resources can be 
fragmented or time-bound, Core Resources allowed UNICEF 
to be a consistent, strategic partner, year after year – playing 
a central role in planning, monitoring and scaling up the 
programme. That consistency helped ensure not only national 
reach, but also the strategic and equitable delivery of water  
and sanitation services to maximize impact for children  
and communities.
One of UNICEF’s most transformative contributions has been 
improving the way India collects, manages and uses WASH data. 
Despite massive public investment, fragmented definitions, 
reporting formats and data systems had made it difficult to 
measure progress consistently and spotlight inequalities. 
UNICEF worked closely with government to strengthen these 
systems, enabling more accurate, timely and actionable data to 
guide decisions and track progress at every level.
"Since the inception of the United 
Nations, its main objective has 
been to improve people's lives. The 
Swachh Bharat Mission has not 
only made the lives of crores [tens 
of millions] of people better, but  
has also protected their dignity  
and has also played an important 
role in achieving the goals of the 
United Nations."
"UNICEF has estimated that every 
family living in the village who are 
constructing toilets in their homes 
is saving at least 50,000 rupees 
($650). Another UNICEF study has 
revealed that the quality of ground 
water has improved in the last five 
years, and I believe that Swachh 
Bharat Mission is also a major 
contributor to the same."
“When a developing country is 
able to successfully implement 
the world's biggest sanitation 
campaign... all its achievements 
and outcomes are an inspirational 
message for the entire world.”
"Swachh Bharat mission is this 
century’s biggest and most successful 
people’s movement with people’s 
participation and people’s leadership." 
— Narendra Modi,  
Prime Minister of India CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  14
The Government of India has backed its 
commitment with a game-changing 
investment of over $120 billion in water and 
sanitation over the past 10 years. The 
results speak for themselves: achieving 
110 million toilets constructed, more 
than 550 million people using 
improved sanitation, more than 
580 million rural people using 
improved drinking water, and lasting 
reductions in waterborne diseases 
– a major contributor to child 
mortality and morbidity.
This impact was made possible by 
unrestricted funding, which gave 
UNICEF the ability to work flexibly across 
sectors, test and adapt approaches in 
real time, and remain engaged for the long 
haul. Over 10 years, that flexibility has enabled 
UNICEF to help take the programme from proof 
of concept to national scale, and from rolling out 
infrastructure to transformation of systems.
UNICEF’s efforts have also sparked 
lasting behavioural change, 
particularly in schools, and children 
are empowered to carry healthy 
habits back to their families. “Swachh 
Bharat has created that dialogue,” 
noted UNICEF India Representative Cynthia McCaffrey, “children now 
have the knowledge, talk about it and grow with it.” The programme 
has also laid the foundation for climate-smart, sustainable solutions. 
“UNICEF is working through its water and sanitation programmes to 
add climate change and environmental sustainability – and in this, 
the youth becomes very important, helping us to live sustainably,” 
McCaffrey added.
This is more than a national success story – it is a 
global milestone. With sustained support from the 
Government of India, partners and donors to UNICEF’s 
Core Resources, India has achieved progress at a scale 
that is shifting the global dial on water and sanitation. 
Every Core Resources donor should feel immense 
pride: your investment has helped transform millions 
of lives and brought the world closer to achieving 
Sustainable Development Goal 6. The results are 
measurable, replicable and, with continued partnership, 
within reach for every child, everywhere. 
In 2024, 17.9 million people  
accessed safely managed 
sanitation, and 59.3 million people 
accessed safely managed water  
in their homes.
SDG target 6
AWW helps kids with 
handwashing and 
accompanies them to 
clean toilets in the AW 
centre. Suka Village, 
Naramada, Gujarat.
Grade 11 student 
taking sanitary pad 
from pad bank to give 
to other students CORE RESOURCES – FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  15
South Asia 
East and Southern Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
West and Central Africa 
Europe and Central Asia
East Asia and the Paciﬁc  
C
ore Resources for G
o
a
l
 
A
r
e
a
 
4
 
a
c
r
o
s
s
 
r
e
g
i
o
n
s
 
WASH, climate and 
the environment 
$169.7M regionally
Core resources were spent strategically to strengthen India's systems for WASH service 
delivery at scale
With Core Resources, UNICEF continued providing strategic 
support to the government of India in WASH 
systems-strengthening and the implementation of its 
ﬂagship water and sanitation programmes, contributing to 
the signiﬁcant expansion in population coverage with 
services which is accelerating global progress on SDG 6.
C
o
r
e
 Resources (RR
) 
$952M 
Direct Programmes
59.3
million
people provided 
with safely 
managed water 
supplies
17.9
million
people provided 
with sanitation 
services
15,600+
schools and nearly 
240 healthcare 
facilities
 received 
access to water, 
sanitation and hygiene 
ser vices
Global 
Expense 
by Goal 
Area
Survive and thrive 
 
$327.9M
Learning and skills 
$170.5M
Protection from violence 
and exploitation
$168.5M
Freedom from poverty  
 
$111.3M
WASH, climate and the environment  
 
$173.8M
C
o
re R
esources for Goal Area 4 in
 I
n
d
i
a 
S
a
f
e
 a
n
d
 e
q
u
it
a
b
le
 w
a
t e
r ,  
WASH, climate 
and environment    
$7.2M in India
empowerm
ent of c o
m
m
u
n
it
ie
s
 $
5
.
5
M
s
a
n
it
a
t
io
n
 a
n
d
 h
y
g
ie
n
e
 	s e
rvices
UNICEF’s network of sub-oﬃces leading the eﬀorts to strengthen institutional and 
technical capacities at the grassroots level.
Supplies and equipment rolling-out technical guidance and behaviour change 
communication materials. 
On-site ﬁeld travel supporting partners to plan, monitor, and evaluate WASH programmes 
and progress on coverage for the population.
Expert staﬀ and WASH technical specialists providing high-level 
advice to the government in:
· programme design and guidance for implementation  
· systems for data collection, monitoring, and reporting
· information, education, and communication materials
Partnerships with national and decentralized governance structures supporting service delivery 
and long-term sustainability.
a
n
d
 p
r
a
c
t
ic
e
s
 $
1
.7
M
C
l
i
m
a
t
e
 
c
h
a
n
g
e
,
 
d
i
s
a
s
t
e
r
 r
is
ks 
a
n
d
 
e
n
v
i
r
o
n
m
e
n
t
a
l
 
d
e
g
r
a
d
a
t
io
n
 $1.9M
Water, sanitatio
n
 a
n
d
 h
y
g
ie
n
e
 s
y
s
t
e
m
s
 
a
n
d
$34.7M
© UNICEF © CL A IRMAB
How We Spend Core Resources in Countries: 
The journey from allocation to results in India 
The Core Resources journey begins with UNICEF’s Strategic Plan Goal Areas. These are the basis on which we 
budget and allocate for our Direct Programmes at the global, regional, and country level.
This illustration shows how UNICEF strategically used Core Resources under the WASH, Climate and 
Environment Goal Area to advance access to safe water and sanitation for children in India.   “As long-standing partners to UNICEF, the 
Nordic countries are united in our commitment 
to advancing the rights and well-being of every 
child. We recognize that flexible Core Resources 
are the backbone of UNICEF’s ability to deliver 
lasting results for children – where they are 
needed most, and when they are needed most. 
Our support to UNICEF’s Core Resources reflects 
our shared values and global priorities that 
include strengthening child protection systems, 
promoting gender equality, supporting children 
in humanitarian crises, and safeguarding the 
rights of all children, everywhere. Just as 
importantly, it reinforces the normative agenda 
that underpins UNICEF’s work – grounded in 
international human rights standards, including 
the Convention on the Rights of the Child. By 
investing in core resources, we help ensure that 
UNICEF remains a principled, effective, and 
agile organization, able to uphold its mandate in 
both development and humanitarian contexts. 
We are proud to partner with UNICEF in 
delivering on the promise of the Convention on 
the Rights of the Child and building a more just, 
inclusive, and resilient world for all children.”
Ministries for Foreign 
Affairs of Denmark, 
Finland, Iceland, Norway 
and SwedenCORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  
16
A Public Sector Perspective on 
Giving to Core Resources 
From inspiration to impact: philanthropists 
backing scale and self-reliance
Members of UNICEF’s International Council are 
redefining what strategic philanthropy looks 
like – and proving that Core Resources is an 
investment in readiness, resilience and results.
Core Resources is what turns ‘For Every Child’ 
from a tagline into a reality. It’s what lets 
UNICEF move faster, reach further and stay 
longer. When these funds run dry, youth centres 
close. Programmes shut down. That’s not a 
future we’re willing to accept. 
From the pitch to the planet: football  
for every child
“We know that flexibility is key to success 
– for athletes as well as organizations – and 
we trust UNICEF to deliver. Our support goes 
where the need is greatest, helping UNICEF 
respond fast, scale what works and reach 
children no one else can. Together, we’re 
delivering impact that goes beyond one-time 
interventions – and making sure no child faces 
poverty, conflict or crisis alone.”
From football clubs and hotel guests to next-gen philanthropists, global investors, music legends, and 
government partners, including programme countries stepping up to share responsibility, a growing 
movement is choosing unrestricted funding as the smartest, most strategic way to drive results for children. 
“At Qatar Fund for Development, we believe that 
investing in children is fundamental to building a 
just, resilient and sustainable future. Our enduring 
partnership with UNICEF reflects our shared 
commitment to reaching the most vulnerable 
with timely, equitable, and effective responses, 
especially in times of crisis. Supporting this vital 
mission embodies our core values and belief in 
collective action. As QFFD continues to diversify 
its development finance instruments and scale up 
innovative financing solutions, we are proud to 
work with high-impact partners like UNICEF 
to safeguard children’s rights across education, 
health, economic development and food security, 
driving meaningful change for children and 
communities worldwide.” 
Fahad Hamad Al-Sulaiti,  
Director General of Qatar 
Fund for Development 
“Spain remains a dedicated and long-standing partner 
of UNICEF, recognizing its crucial role in advocating 
for the respect, protection, and fulfillment of children’s 
rights. This commitment is more critical than ever, as 
UNICEF plays a key role in bridging development and 
humanitarian assistance to protect children in times 
of need. Achieving the Sustainable Development Goals 
by 2030 is a priority for Spain, and UNICEF is our ally 
in this endeavour, particularly in safeguarding the 
lives, education, health and well-being of children. 
Spain is proudly committed to supporting UNICEF 
with core resources, enabling the agency to effectively 
deliver on its mandate. We are confident that other 
partners will take similar actions”
Eva Granados,  
Secretary of State for 
International Cooperation
Scan the QR 
code or click on 
the image to 
read the Partner 
Recognition 
Companion. 
“The Republic of Korea values UNICEF’s 
mission to protect and empower every child. 
As a country that rose through the power of 
education, we believe every child deserves 
a chance to learn, grow, and reach their full 
potential. In 2024 alone, our contribution to 
UNICEF exceeded $140 million, our largest-ever 
annual contribution to date. We more than 
tripled our Core Resources, reflecting our 
belief in UNICEF to respond swiftly to crises, 
invest in sustainable solutions, and reach the 
most marginalized children. We will continue 
to stand with UNICEF to make a meaningful 
difference for children – wherever they are.”
Cho Tae-yul,  
Minister of Foreign Affairs, 
Republic of Korea   Where royalties meet results: music’s enduring gift to children
UNICEF’s innovative approach to fundraising through music IP donations is turning artistic legacy into 
global impact. 
Every time a donated song is streamed, purchased or played, it generates Core Resources for UNICEF.  
That means clean water after disasters. Vaccines in remote communities. Safe spaces to learn and grow. 
Music moves people – and now, it moves resources to where children need them most. 
Check Out for Children: three decades of 
unrestricted impact
“‘Serve Our World’ has been one of our core values 
since my grandparents founded Marriott nearly 
100 years ago. Through the Check Out for Children 
program, our hotel teams and guests have helped 
support UNICEF’s life-saving work for 30 years. 
Flexible funding, raised through donations at 
participating hotels, allows UNICEF to use their 
world-leading expertise to respond to the most 
urgent needs of children and families in over  
190 countries and territories.”CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  
17
A Private Sector Perspective on 
Giving to Core Resources 
From inspiration to impact: philanthropists 
backing scale and self-reliance
Members of UNICEF’s International Council are 
redefining what strategic philanthropy looks 
like – and proving that Core Resources is an 
investment in readiness, resilience and results.
Core Resources is what turns ‘For Every Child’ 
from a tagline into a reality. It’s what lets 
UNICEF move faster, reach further and stay 
longer. When these funds run dry, youth centres 
close. Programmes shut down. That’s not a 
future we’re willing to accept. 
From the pitch to the planet: football  
for every child
“We know that flexibility is key to success 
– for athletes as well as organizations – and 
we trust UNICEF to deliver. Our support goes 
where the need is greatest, helping UNICEF 
respond fast, scale what works and reach 
children no one else can. Together, we’re 
delivering impact that goes beyond one-time 
interventions – and making sure no child faces 
poverty, conflict or crisis alone.” 
The next generation is choosing flexibility – 
and leading the way
From Austria to Italy to the United States, UNICEF 
NextGen members are embedding flexibility into 
everyday philanthropy.
“NextGen is about ownership. It’s about connection. 
It’s about finding your place in a movement bigger 
than yourself – and making sure your contribution 
goes where it’s needed most. Across our chapters, 
flexible funding isn’t just encouraged. It’s expected. 
Because we’re not just funding projects. We’re 
funding futures.”
UNICEF International 
Council  
Brighton & Hove
David Marriott,  
Chairman of the Board, 
Marriott International
Lauren Taylor and Giuseppe Stigliano,  
NextGen members in United States  
and Italy
Scan the QR code or click on the 
image to listen to the concert for 
Bangladesh now, and help mobilize 
Core Resources for children! CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  18
How we Champion Transparency 
with Core Resources
UNICEF values the trust that our donors and partners have placed in us. Equally, we provide unparalleled 
transparency and accountability to our partners, and the wider public. We are proud to share:
• We are in the top 10 out of 50 organizations reviewed 
by the International Aid Transparency Initiative for 
our transparency in 2024 and have a perfect score for 
budgets and finance
• As part of the International Aid Transparency Initiative, 
we have achieved an industry-leading 99 per cent data 
publishing rate
• We provide real-time and public financial and results 
insights on UNICEF’s programmes for children worldwide 
on the Transparency Portal
100 per cent of Core Resources is spent to advance UNICEF’s 
mission for children worldwide. Our spending is firmly 
grounded in the principles of transparency and accountability, 
maximizing what goes to programmes for children.
*This figure shows combined expenditure of Direct Programmes and Development Effectiveness to demonstrate the total Core Resources spent on programmes for children in 2024.
Core Resources reporting helps companies meet ESG goals while 
demonstrating real, long-term impact
This funding forms the foundation for UNICEF to strengthen systems – from health 
to education to water – that children and communities depend on. When those 
systems are resilient, societies are better able to withstand shocks like conflict, 
climate change and pandemics.
UNICEF is deeply committed to the SDGs, and contributes to 12 of the 17 goals.  
An investment in Core Resources reflects a commitment to shared global priorities and 
systemic progress for children. Results are reported annually, demonstrating the short-, medium- and 
long-term change UNICEF delivers every day for children around the world.
Our Core Resources Report and companion publications offer clear, credible and consistent insights that 
support ESG reporting, even when contributions are not linked to a specific initiative.
Every dollar contributes to stronger systems, greater equity and lasting change. This is value worth showcasing.
How much of Core Resources was spent on programmes* for children in 2024?
which includes high-quality and results-based programmes at all levels, but also the technical 
excellence, data and advocacy that power programme implementation. The remaining  
16 per cent is spent on a set of strategic programme enablers such as United Nations coordination to achieve 
the SDGs, the management of resources for results, and the generation of new funding – including innovative 
financing for children.
84%
Scan the QR code or 
click on the image to 
visit the Transparency 
Portal website. CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  19
Photo credits
cover 	© UNICEF/UNI627066/Pouget
inner cover  	© UNICEF/UNI599911/Ahmed Mohamdeen Elfatih
page 1  	© UNICEF/UNI646898/Mark Naftalin
page 2  	© UNICEF/UNI594398/Frank Dejongh
page 3  	© UNICEF/UNI545271/Veronika Yevtushenko
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI539392/Saleh Hayyan
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI586013/Giscard Shaka Vumbi
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI669388/Theoneste Iyakaremye
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI719954/Safidy Andrianantenaina
page 4  	© UNICEF/UN0694021/Demissew Bizuwerk
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI768468/Brandon Lopez
page 4  	© UNICEF/UNI766548/Srijana Giri.
page 5  	© UNICEF/UNI751023/Dan Saulea
page 5  	© UNICEF/UNI535559/Vinay Panjwani
page 5  	© UNICEF/UNI765983/Royena Rasnat
page 5  	© UNICEF/UNI229279/Vincent Tremeau
page 5  	© UNICEF/UN0250056/Christopher Herwig
page 5  	© UNICEF/UN0288499/Frank Dejongh
page 5  	© UNICEF/UNI310364/Valentina Sinis VII Photo
page 8  	© UNICEF/UNI693675/Fauzan Ijazah
page 8  	© UNICEF/UNI540330/Zahara Abdul
page 9 (left) 	© UNICEF/UN0716437/Mathias Mugisha
page 9 (right) 	© UNICEF/UNI649306/Jaclyn Licht
page 9 (left) 	© UNICEF/UNI483082/Hugh Rutherford
page 9 (right) 	© UNICEF/UNI756088/Mohammed Abdulmajid
page 9 (left) 	© UNICEF/UNI768470/Brandon Lopez
page 9 (right) 	© UNICEF/UNI778975/Dhiraj Singh
page 10 	© UNICEF/UNI708758/Jospin Benekire
page 11  	© UNICEF/UNI601304/Mark Naftalin
page 13  	© UNICEF/UNI535559/Panjwani
page 14  	© UNICEF/UNI535610/Vinay Panjwani
page 15 (top) 	© UNICEF/UNI490295/ Vinay Panjwani
page 15 (bottom) 	© UNICEF/UN0775318/Prashanth Vishwanathan
page 16 (Spain) © Secretaria De Estado De Cooperación Internacional
page 16 (Republic of Korea) 	© ROK MOFA FM Cho Tae-yul
page 16 (Qatar) 	© Qatar Foundation
page 16 (bottom right) 	© Hans Jørn Storgaard Andersen
page 17 (top right) 	© UNICEF/UNI517550/Sergio Diaz
page 17 (middle) 	© UNICEF/UN7542846
page 17 (bottom) 	© UNICEF/UNI580180/Michael Putland
page 18 (top)  	© UNICEF/UNI763959/Muhammad Abdul Wahed
page 18 (bottom)  	© UNICEF/UNI604972/Anna Pantelia
page 19  	© UNICEF/UNI693454/Patricia Willocq
Resources
For more information: 
If you have questions or want to know more  
about the work of UNICEF, please contact us at 
rrreport@unicef.org.
Credits
Writers and producers: Programme Coordination 
Team, as part of the Global Flexible Funding Team 
(Public and Private Sector).
Editors: Matthew Naumann, Joanna Hoare
Designer: Bruno Rocha
We are the world’s largest children’s organization, an agency 
of the United Nations, and 100 per cent voluntarily 
funded. Mandated at the highest levels, we ensure that 
children and adolescents are protected, healthy, and 
educated. We have a presence in over 190 countries 
and territories, working during times of peace 
and stability and when emergency strikes. We 
partner with national governments and local 
communities, other United Nations agencies 
and NGO partners, and the public and private 
sectors to achieve our mission to create a 
better future for children and adolescents.
Importantly, UNICEF provides support to 
children from before birth all the way through 
to adolescence. Thus, please note that within 
this report the terms “children” and “childhood” 
encompass the full spectrum of a child’s life,  
up to age 18.
About UNICEF
Cover
I am a child, not a bride. In the drought-stricken 
Afar region of north-eastern Ethiopia, water scarcity 
and loss of livelihoods are threatening the future of 
girls who are increasingly forced into child marriage. 
UNICEF is conducting awareness-raising activities 
on the ground to ensure that young girls like Aissa 
remain in school as long as possible! Published by UNICEF
Route des Morillons 4
1202 Geneva
Switzerland
UNICEF House
3 United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017, U.S.A.
ISBN: 978-92-806-5676-3
www.unicef.org/partnerships/funding/core-resources-for-results
rrreport@unicef.org
© United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF)  
June 2025 