Annual Report 2024
CORE RESOURCES  
for every child, everywhere
T
H
E
 
P
O
W
E
R
 
B
E
H
I
N
D
 
T
H
E
 
P
R
O
M
I
S
E
    T
H
E
 P
O
W
ER BEHIND THE P
R
O
M
I
S
E
 
 
 
 
T
H
E
 
P
O
W
E
R
 
B
E
H
I
N
D
 
T
H
E
 
P
R
O
M
I
S
E
  T
H
E
 P
O
W
ER BEHIND THE P
R
O
M
I
S
E From the Executive Director
Children are facing unprecedented challenges. How we respond will define a generation. 
In 2024, amid escalating global pressures, we witnessed something powerful: the impact of united action 
for children. With public sector partners and growing private sector engagement, UNICEF reached children 
in more than 150 countries, safeguarding essential services, strengthening national systems and delivering 
results that last. 
At the heart of this effort are Core Resources: UNICEF’s most flexible and reliable funding. These unrestricted 
contributions are the foundation of everything we do, allowing us to quickly direct resources where they are 
most needed to save and improve the lives of children. 
This report is a demonstration of what core resources can achieve. It illustrates how the support of 
governments, businesses, philanthropists, foundations and individuals is enabling UNICEF to advance the 
rights of children now and over the long-term. 
Core Resources have helped strengthen birth registration so children can access essential services, expand 
social protection so that children have healthy meals and go to school, and sustain health services for women 
and children caught in conflict zones. These are investments in life-saving systems that require unrestricted, 
dependable resources. 
Yet, 2024 was also a year of economic shock as the needs of children vastly outpaced funding. The world 
witnessed one of the sharpest and most sudden contractions in international aid in recent history, quickly 
impacting the most vulnerable children and families. 
Critical services were scaled back. Malnutrition treatment, immunization campaigns, education and protection 
programmes were all affected. Children were left behind – not because we didn’t know how to help, but because 
we lacked the resources to reach them. 
Children do not cause these crises. But they are paying the highest price. 
In a world shaped by climate shocks, conflict and economic instability, every delayed response bears a human 
cost. These costs cross borders – weakening health systems, economies and the foundations of progress. 
UNICEF’s Core Resources are not about short-term fixes – they underpin lasting change. Our message to our 
valued partners is to continue investing in children through Core Resources so that we can build on the gains 
we have achieved together. 
UNICEF appreciates all of the support we receive. We are deeply thankful to the governments of Belgium, 
Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States, and 
the Republic of Korea for their unwavering commitment to core funding. 
We are especially grateful to the Netherlands, Spain and the Republic of Korea for increasing their contributions 
in 2024, and to the Netherlands and Sweden for leading the way with multi-year commitments. We also  
warmly welcome Ireland’s first multi-year contribution in 2024 – a milestone that allows UNICEF to deliver for 
children everywhere.  
To our 32 National Committees for UNICEF, thank you for your extraordinary efforts in mobilizing 
private sector support. We particularly recognize the National Committees in Japan, Korea 
and Germany – our three largest contributors to core resources – and commend the 
Committee in the Netherlands for leading the way in increased contributions in 2024. 
Let us not waver in this critical moment. Through sustained support from our 
donors, we can continue to drive meaningful, positive change for millions of 
children across the globe using proven solutions. Together we can create a 
world fit for every child.
Catherine Russell 
UNICEF Executive Director CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  1
Core Resources: Uniting the private 
and public sectors for children
PARTNER	USD (MILLIONS)
Japan Committee for UNICEF	145.0
United States	137.0
Korean Committee for UNICEF	84.6
German Committee for UNICEF	69.4
Spanish Committee for UNICEF	65.8
Germany	65.6
French Committee for UNICEF	57.9
Sweden	56.5
Dutch Committee for UNICEF	48.4
Netherlands (Kingdom of the)	47.1
Norway	45.5
Italian Committee for UNICEF ‒ 
Foundation Onlus
38.4
Swedish Committee for UNICEF	33.7
United Kingdom Committee for UNICEF	33.1
Switzerland	25.0
PARTNER	USD (MILLIONS)
United Kingdom	20.4
Belgian Committee for UNICEF	16.1
Belgium	16.1
Denmark	15.4
Polish National Committee for UNICEF 14.8
United States Fund for UNICEF	14.8
Republic of Korea (the)	14.6
Canadian UNICEF Committee	12.6
Australia	12.3
Finnish Committee for UNICEF	12.1
Portuguese Committee for UNICEF	11.8
Canada	11.5
Committee for UNICEF Switzerland  
and Liechtenstein
11.3
Japan	11.3
Norwegian Committee for UNICEF	10.7
Top 30 Core Resources partners by contributions received, 2024
UNICEF thanks each of our donors and partners – governments, corporations, foundations, philanthropists, and 
millions of individuals around the world – for their core resources contributions in 2024. Every dollar, euro, won, 
krone, pound and yen you contributed to UNICEF amplified our collective impact for children around the world.
UNICEF particularly thanks partners who contributed multi-year revenue – supporting even greater predictability 
in the planning and implementation of programmes for children.
Contributors to multi-year* Core Resources revenue** recognized, 2020–2024
Note: Numbers may not add up because of rounding.
*Based on the value of the agreement signed at the start of the multi-year contribution.
**Agreements with a lifetime of two years or more defined as multi-year agreements.      
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Sweden $230.0 million
Netherlands $124.4 million
Switzerland $90.8 million
Australia $80.0 million
Belguim $66.6 million
Denmark $38.5 million
United Kingdom $14.3 million
New Zealand $11.4 million
Qatar $8.0 million
Iceland $5.0 million
Luxembourg $23.5 million
Canada $33.5 million CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  2
UNICEF’s promise to protect the rights of every child, 
everywhere, is bold in ambition and global in scope. 
Delivering on that promise requires more than 
conviction. It depends on the right kind of support: 
funding that is flexible, sustained and grounded in 
trust. At UNICEF, this funding is Core Resources. 
Official development assistance (ODA) has long 
been central to this mission. For decades, it has 
enabled scale, protected lives and helped build 
stronger, more resilient futures. This responsibility 
must be shared more broadly, and we are grateful to 
governments with UNICEF programmes for stepping 
up with financial contributions to Core Resources 
and other in-kind support. Today, growing private 
sector engagement – including from businesses, 
philanthropists, foundations and individuals – is 
amplifying that impact, creating a powerful coalition 
for children across public and private partners. 
This support is changing lives. Since 2000, 7.9 million 
more children have survived to see their fifth 
birthdays. Vaccination efforts have saved an 
estimated 154 million lives. Stunting has been 
reduced by 56 million cases, and over 2 billion 
people have gained access to clean water. These 
are not inevitable outcomes. Consistent, flexible 
investment that spans regions, sectors and 
generations has been vital part of this success. 
But progress is fragile. In too many places,  
it is already being reversed. 
Core Resources are not just a funding source – they 
are the foundation of UNICEF’s operating model. 
With a presence in 190 countries and territories, and 
trusted partnerships across government and civil 
society, UNICEF bridges delivery and policy, crisis 
response and long-term reform, national systems 
and local solutions. That model is only possible 
because of unrestricted funding. 
In the Republic of Moldova, a small Core Resources 
investment catalysed nationwide social protection 
reform, increasing child benefits and expanding 
services to nearly 50,000 vulnerable children.  
In Viet Nam, Core Resources enabled inclusive 
education at scale, introducing Universal Design 
for Learning and digital tools for children with 
disabilities. In Sierra Leone, unrestricted funds 
supported the country's first legal accreditation for 
social workers, reaching over 20,000 cases through  
a digital management system. In West Africa,  
UNICEF helped Côte d’Ivoire and Cabo Verde achieve 
near-universal birth registration, unlocking access  
to essential services. 
These are not one-off results – they are systems-level 
shifts that help children not only survive but thrive. 
Core Resources create the foundation. Thematic 
funding builds on it. Together, they create a 
transformational portfolio of investment, which is 
one of UNICEF’s most strategic tools for achieving 
results at scale. Core Resources support our 
presence and institutional strength. Thematic Funds 
accelerate impact across nutrition, education,  
WASH, health and protection – driving innovation, 
scale and sustainability in national systems. 
In a world shaped by climate change, conflict and 
economic instability, integrated funding is not optional 
– it is essential. ODA remains vital today as it was a 
generation ago. And with the private sector stepping 
up in meaningful ways, we have never had more 
potential or shared responsibility to act boldly together. 
Core Resources are not just about funding. They are  
how UNICEF keeps its promise – turning intent into 
impact and ensuring that progress for children 
continues to move forward, even in the toughest  
of times.
The Power Behind the Promise 
Why unrestricted funding is the foundation of progress for children CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  3
Core Resources: Income and trends
Contributions of Core Resources from donors and 
partners amounted to a $1.584 billion income in 
2024 – helping us sustain the vital foundation for all 
of UNICEF’s efforts on behalf of children. 
In 2024, Core Resources income from voluntary 
contributions decreased by 3 per cent or $34 million. 
$26 million of the decrease came from the public 
sector, and $8 million – from interest, procurement 
services and other sources – increased by $47 million.
For the fourth consecutive year, the share of 
UNICEF’s total income made up of Core Resources 
was below 20 per cent – indicating a persistent trend 
in earmarked contributions for sectors, locations, 
or humanitarian emergencies, and risk of widening 
inequities for the most disadvantaged and  
hard-to-reach children. 
To ensure progress for every child, UNICEF is making 
a Call to Action for Member States to fulfil their 
Funding Compact commitment, and for all donors  
to increase Core Resources and thematic funding  
as a proportion of their overall UNICEF portfolio. 
Investing flexibly promotes resilience in uncertain 
times, as well as long-term positive change for children.
Core resources income by type of partner,
2024
$512.6 million
Public sector, 32%
$724.9 million
Private sector, 46%
$346.1 million
Other, 22%
Total
$1.584
billion
Private sector Public sector Tot al
0
200
400
600
800
1000
120 0
14 0 0
20242023202220212020
Core Resources income from voluntary 
contributions by type of resource partner, 
2020–2024
Income ratio by type of funding, 
2020–2024
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
20242023202220212020
37%
41%
30%
49%
46%
45%
20%
17%
14%
33%
49%
18%
31%
50%
19%
$7.219 
billion
$8.122 
billion
$9.326 
billion
$8.920 
billion
$8.263 
billion
Other Resources 
Emergency (ORE)
Other Resources 
Regular (ORR)
Core Resources (RR)  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  4
Highlights of investing in Core Resources 
Investing in Core Resources is a clear way to help UNICEF work for every child and the SDGs. These highlights 
show how our five comparative advantages, all enabled by Core Resources, helped us achieve results for children 
around the world.
Leading, convening and pioneering
Horn of Africa: Core Resources scaled up an innovative solution using satellite data 
to detect groundwater, mapping nearly a million square kilometres of territory in 
drought-prone countries, with the potential to benefit 10 million people in need. 
Guatemala: Core Resources positioned UNICEF as a key partner in the transformation 
of the social protection system, offering the government strategic policy advice and 
partnerships, which resulted in a $1 billion investment in social protection 
programmes and mitigation of a three-to-four-fold increase in poverty during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Global: Core Resources fast tracked the integration of cross-sectoral mental 
health services and care into national systems in 13 countries, modelling new 
solutions, and reaching more than 8.8 million children, adolescents, caregivers and 
service providers.
Before, during and after an emergency
Yemen: Core Resources safeguarded continued access and expansion of 
essential health services, contributing to a 23 per cent drop in under-five 
mortality over the course of the last decade of conflict.
Democratic Republic of the Congo: Core Resources supported more than 
1,700 health-care facilities to stay operational, securing lifesaving supplies 
and treatment for more than 129,000 children facing severe wasting.
Madagascar and Mozambique: Core Resources provided the seed funding 
for UNICEF's Today and Tomorrow Initiative, an integrated climate and 
disaster finance solution, supporting more that more than 120,000 people 
in Madagascar and Mozambique with life-saving services in the aftermath  
of cyclones.
Rwanda: Core Resources reinforced the government’s response to the Marburg 
disease outbreak, contributing to more lives being saved and a low fatality 
rate of 22.7 per cent.
This map is stylized and not to scale. It does not reflect a position by UNICEF on the legal status of any country or area or the delimitation of any frontiers.  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  5
Scan the QR code or click on the 
image to read UNICEF’s Data 
Companion and Scorecard for 
more information on progress 
against SDG milestones and targets 
to which Core Resources contributes.
Scan the QR 
code or click on 
the image to 
read the Impact 
Companion.
Meeting the holistic needs of children and adolescents
Côte d'Ivoire and Cabo Verde: Core Resources provided instrumental support to  
the governments to bring universal child registration within reach, with more than  
9 in 10 children registered before their first birthdays.
Viet Nam: Core Resources supported a more inclusive system for access to learning 
opportunities for children with disabilities, embedded disability inclusion into national teacher 
training, and enabled scaling up the Inclusive Education Resource Centres across  
14 provinces to prepare children with disabilities to enter mainstream classrooms.
Taking the work to scale
India: Core Resources continued to play a vital role in the delivery and scaling up of the 
government’s flagship water and sanitation programmes, providing safely managed water 
supplies for 59.3 million people and sanitation services for 17.9 million people in 2024. 
Republic of Moldova: Core Resources paved the way for $68 million of government and 
other investment in the RESTART social protection reform, mitigating a 3.4 per cent rise in 
child poverty and increasing the value of social benefits for families with children, including 
Ukrainian refugees, by 42 per cent. 
Bangladesh: Core Resources helped UNICEF mobilize and sustain government action to 
transform children’s nutrition outcomes, contributing to a 40 per cent reduction in stunting 
among children under five and a nearly tenfold increase in domestic investments in 
nutrition services over a decade.
Expert staff
Jordan: Core Resources funded the first-ever One Stop Centre which offers 
a proven model for replication across Jordan including Syrian refugee 
camps, successfully supporting an initial 500 children and women survivors 
and witnesses of violence, abuse or exploitation with multi-sectoral services.
Sierra Leone: Core Resources strengthened the child protection and case 
management system, accrediting social workers for the first time  
and facilitating protection services for more than 675,000 children in 
five years, including those who have faced violence, exploitation,  
abuse or neglect.  CORE RESOURCES – FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  6
UNICEF 
GOALS
UNICEF’S BUDGET
How we Spend Core Resources to 
Achieve Results for Children 
UNICEF strategically spreads spending of Core Resources across the three pillars of the organization’s 
integrated budget.
Core Resources accelerate progress across 
12 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals 
for children.
They support UNICEF’s custodian and  
co-custodian role in 19 child indicators and 
programmes for every child which can be 
sustained through strong national systems 
in the long term.
*Expense – actual expenses made in the year.
**Expenditure – includes the expenses made and commitments of funds.
• UNICEF country programmes advancing children’s rights 
and the SDGs for children around the world
• Global and regional programmes ensuring data, technical 
and thought leadership, and advocacy 
• Strategic and innovative activities solving the greatest 
challenges facing children 
• Emergency Programme Fund (EPF) protecting children and 
saving lives in sudden-onset emergencies 
$952 million
Expense*
• Development effectiveness through technical excellence 
and results-based management for high-quality programmes
• Advancing United Nations coordination on strategic 
development priorities, including the SDGs
• Managing human and financial resources to deliver results 
for children
• Capital costs aligned with programme goals and strategies
(of which 
Development 
Effectiveness 
was $174 million)
$227 million
Expenditure**
• Private sector fundraising, generating new funding  
for children
• Partnerships with the private sector, driving collective 
impact for children and the SDGs
• Innovative finance for children, leveraging new resources  
for the cause of children
$162 million
Expense*
Direct 
Programmes 
Budget
Institutional 
Budget
Special 
Purpose 
Budget  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  7 
How are Core Resources allocated to country programmes? 
The yearly allocation of Core Resources to UNICEF offices in low- and middle-income countries is driven by 
equity and is based on three indicators which are used to determine the severity of children’s deprivations, 
demand for social services, and the capacity of the countries to deliver these services to children:
Offices continue to receive yearly allocations until the country achieves ‘high income’ status for two consecutive 
years. Offices may also receive additional allocations for critical and unfunded priorities of the Strategic Plan 
2022‒2025, with a particular focus on: adolescent girls, community health and nutrition, education, or climate action.
149  
countries and territories
7  
regions
  
home to 2.1 billion children
What did Direct Programmes support?
86%
$817.2 million 
Country programmes
5%
$42.9 million 
Strategic and 
innovative activities
6%
$53.9 million 
Global and regional 
programmes
1%
$6.4 million 
Other
3%
$31.6 million 
Emergency 
Programme Fund
Country programmes
86% 
$817.2 million
* Percentages may not add up because of rounding.
The country programmes are the heart of UNICEF’s work for children. Developed with government and other 
country partners, they are planned and delivered with Core Resources as the foundation for long-term impact, 
and leverage other funding to deliver on the highest priorities for children and the SDGs.
Core Resources allocated to country programmes give UNICEF’s donors and partners the largest 
global footprint of any investment:A variable amount resulting 
from the indicators  A fixed minimum amount 
of $850,000 each year 
This allocation has two parts:
Core Resources are first and foremost spent on UNICEF’s Direct Programmes for children in countries and 
regions, and at global level. They enable UNICEF to not only achieve positive impact, but also make sure that no 
child is left out of it.
Under-five 
mortality rate
Child 
population
Gross national 
income per capita
Direct Programmes  Expense overview by category*  CORE RESOURCES  FOR EVERY CHILD, EVERY WHERE	ANNUAL REPORT  8
Global and regional programmes
